Add excerpts for currently defined words (#262)
selfdefined/web-app: 11ty/definitions/digital-blackface.md

title: digital Blackface
slug: digital-blackface
defined: true

> excerpt: a form of appropriation where non-Black individuals use memes and gifs featuring Black people and even emojis with dark skin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: a form of appropriation where non-Black individuals use memes and imagery featuring Black people and dark-skinned emojis
```
